Let's plan something
nice for the weekend.
seeing as I'm abandoning you
for the week.
What do you fancy?
Dinner and a movie?
-Date night?
-Yeah. a date night.
I think if we're going to do a
date night. then we should stay in.
And you can wear
that pretty blue dress.
I'll get some strawberries
and cream.
Are you cheap-skating me?
I'm happy to buy some wine. too.
Off to work with you!
I love you.
Love you. too! Miss you already.
See you Saturday.
I can't wait.
How's it going?
There you go.
Good woman. Mam.
You're doing brilliantly.
How drunk were you. Chris?
Emma?
Show me that tattoo again.
Bev Lyons.
Bev and Chris.
what is your story?
Jeez! What did that melon
ever do to you?
-Melon? Nothing. Men... Ah!
-Oh!
I take it you had that chat
with Harry B. then?
Fergus.
relationships are overrated.
I mean. since when did "fun"
become a dirty word?
I mean. we agree
that we are grown-ups.
It doesn't need
to be any more than it is.
And then one of you wants the
other one to move to Australia.
And who lives in Australia. anyway?
Have you seen the size
of the spiders there?
No. I am perfectly happy
where I am.
Yeah. me. too. though I might just
move over to this side of the table.
It's a bit safer.
Look. relax.
I'm not going to hurt anybody.
-You get it. You miss Lola. right?
-What?
No. Not even thinking about her.
Or that bloke she's seeing.
Ryan.
Big. big. strong Ryan.
You don't even know
if she's seeing him!
Oh.
Maybe he's a tactile guy?
Oh. please!
Anyway. I don't care. right.
I have a plan. I'm going
to move on with my life.
Meet new people...
Concentrate on work. right?
Like this case.
Yeah. well. don't get too excited. He
told me barely anything on the phone.
And he cuts up dead people
for a living.
He's probably nuts.
I'm picturing a fat little man
who smells of formaldehyde.
Harry.
Thank you so much
for agreeing to meet me.
Any friend of Jordan's
is a friend of ours.
Oh...
Kitchen's just through here.
Tattoos are pretty common.
though. right?
I mean. fair enough.
maybe not musical bars.
These weren't just
any musical bars.
Clair De Lune.
Debussy.
Oh. I love that one!
Here. what's that called
when they do that on a piano?
Trill.
At the end of Clair De Lune.
there are four bars
of music with trills.
Chris O'Neill.
that's the dead man.
he had the third bar
tattooed on him.
And the previous body
you remembered.
Bev Lyons. she had the second?
Yes. and she died
six months ago.
So. two musical bars.
two accidental deaths -
one by drowning.
another by a road accident?
-That's too much chance.
-Is it. though?
Couldn't it be just
one of those crazy quirks?
I considered that until...
Until you wondered
about the first bar.
Yes. So. I went through all the
old files from my predecessor.
well over 400.
until I found this.
-Wow!
-Holy shit. that's not...?
This post-mortem
is from 18 months ago.
Same section of Clair De Lune.
The opening bar.
No way?
Her name is Jess Boylan.
Operation gone wrong.
Another accidental death.
OK. that is weird.
But it's not that easy. though to
make a murder look accidental.
True.
but drowning's a good cover.
And Chris.
he was severely drunk.
Enough so I could believe he had
ethanol pumped into his veins.
And Jess Boylan.
she died on the table.
Entirely normal.
but if somebody interfered
with a medical device...
Totally doable.
But it's unlikely
that there were three killers.
More likely. if it's true.
one person behind it all.
Do you know if these tattoos
were done before or after death?
-Are you able to tell?
-Yeah.
Not long before. in all cases.
Three bars out of four?
And if they were murdered...
There's another one to come.
That's my fear.
I have no time to lose.
That's a lot of tattoo shops!
I rarely get to talk about Jess
these days.
People allow you so much time
to grieve and then. well...
I'm a primary school teacher.
so it's a big smile every day.
18 months or 18 days.
loss is still loss.
Jess and I met
when we were teenagers.
Our folks thought we were too
young to settle down. but...
it didn't matter to us.
But. um...
why are you so interested?
I work as a consultant for
the state pathologist's office.
We're investigating the
phenomenon of accidental deaths.
Jess died during an operation.
wasn't it?
Routine?
Not at all. She. er...
She elected to get a tummy tuck.
-Oh.
-It was insane.
You never met
a more beautiful woman. but...
no matter what I said.
she thought she was overweight.
I wouldn't have changed
a hair on her body.
She scheduled the surgery
in secret.
And then it went wrong
and Jess bled to death.
They said it was
a one-in-a-million possibility.
Ironic.
given she was one in a million.
She had a tattoo. didn't she?
A musical signature?
When did she get
that tattoo done. and why?
While I was away.
I'm not sure why.
She didn't play.
I guess it was a part of her
changing the way she looked.
Jess was into art. These are
her paintings on the wall.
Oh. beautiful.
Do you happen to know anyone
called Chris O'Neill or Bev Lyons?
Mm-mm.
Did Jess? I mean. could they be
work colleagues or...?
Jess worked from home.
She sold drawings
to animation studios.
I've never heard
of a Chris or a Bev.
Do you know where she had
that tattoo done?
No.
Is this really
all for some study?
They're just weirdly
specific questions.
Trust me. it's all related.
-Not my work.
-Of course they're not.
Look.
I've been doing this years.
Right.
Real artists.
they have a signature.
And these? Well. they weren't
done by the same person.
Well. at least this one.
This was done
by one person in particular.
See. tattooing is like art.
You can spot an expert at work
and this one here.
this is an expert.
See the little flick
at the end of that line?
That's an A.
That's Jess Boylan's tattoo.
Have you ever heard of her?
No. I can tell you
who did her tattoo. though.
Apollo Connors.
He did one of mine.
Thanks. man. This is brilliant!
Yeah. you have a problem. though.
-I do?
-Apollo is. er...
odd.
I love what I do. it's art.
Apollo. though?
He thinks he's Michelangelo
painting the Sistine Chapel.
Better than. to be honest.
Trust me.
I'm used to it not being easy.
Are we doing or what this.
Setanta?
I'm slipping into a coma here.
So impatient!
Now. I'm gonna make it hurt.
Don't leave a message.
I won't bother to reply.
Hi. this is Fergus Reid.
I wanted to speak to you
about Jess Boylan.
My number should have
come up there...
OK.
-Hi. Harry?
-Fergus?
I might have found
our tattoo artist.
We might have a job
getting to speak to him.
Well. if you're at a loose end.
you can visit one of the families.
I've just done
Jess Boylan's husband.
And he's never heard
of Bev or Chris.
Right. so no help. then?
Other than being
completely grief-stricken
and reminding me why we do this
job in the first place. no help.
If we can't find a link
between these victims
I don't know how we'll identify
a potential fourth.
OK. just. ah. send me the deets
of who I should chase up on.
Details in-coming.
Honestly!
Second-year English grad?
Yeah. yeah. Whatever.
Okay.
Tell me. just looking for Sam?
Cheers.
Sam Robertson?
You were engaged to Bev Lyons?
What of it?
Just need to ask
a few questions.
Why would I want to talk
about that bitch?
OK.
I really don't know
if she'll be of any help to you.
She's been non-communicative
for some time now.
She came to us when she got too
bad for her son to take care of her.
He was her full-time carer
for a while.
He gave up his job.
everything to look after her.
and then he died.
Traffic accident. Very sad.
No other family?
-Not that we know of.
-No. me neither.
Hello? Greta. is it?
I'm Harry. I'm a friend
of your son's. Chris.
Doctor.
Yes. Greta. I'll get him.
It's all she's said
since she arrived.
The doctor sees her daily.
There's nothing wrong with her.
Other than the dementia. obviously.
Greta. I'm really sorry about
what happened to your son.
Did you know he had a tattoo?
Doctor?
Doctor.
Bev? Tattoo? Seems unlikely.
Her body was a temple.
All that shit.
Yeah. but you'd split up with
her. so you might not have known?
Suppose.
Why'd you break up?
The line was
we weren't compatible.
The truth is. Bev had everybody
convinced she was lovely.
but she was a self-obsessed
narcissist
that bled me dry for months
while she was screwing
somebody at work. of course.
She was always
screwing somebody at work.
Oh. What did she do?
Barrister was her day job.
Loving herself was her main job.
Woman was always banging on
about her health.
I couldn't believe it
when she drowned.
She was fitter than anybody.
I'll give her that.
God works in mysterious ways.
Did she know
either of these people?
Don't know.
Listen. you've to clear off.
I open up soon.
All right. I'm going.
If you remember anything.
Hey. What's all this about?
Her death was an accident.
Why are you asking questions?
Research.
This Sam. do you think he knew
Chris and Jess?
I don't know. though when
he looked at their photos
and claimed he didn't.
there was something on his face.
Then there's the Debussy
music score on the piano.
Interesting.
Why do you keep
looking over my shoulder?
I'm not.
Got your table set up. Fergs.
-What table?
-It's nothing. really.
Hi. One second.
Gosh. You really were serious
about moving on from Lola.
-Don't judge me. all right?
-No judgement here.
So sorry about all of this.
-No. it's lovely.
-That's one word for it.
Young love. eh? Don't suppose
there's much chance
of him and Lola
getting it back on. then?
It's a shame.
Neither of them will do better.
Second-year English?
-Um. that's brilliant.
-Yeah. yeah. Thanks.
I love it. I mean some of the
texts are a bit hard but...
I'm doing computer science.
I'll work in my dad's business
when I graduate.
So. what kind of work
can you get with English?
I hadn't really thought of that.
Sorry. I am... I am a partner
in a private detective agency.
I did mention that.
But what do you want to do
for a real job?
I like five-year plans.
Five years in education.
then I'll get my first job.
become manager within those five
years. but also get married.
I want to be married
by the time I'm 26.
Because. well. I'll still look
good in a wedding dress.
but be mature enough.
Er... I... 26?
Wow. Wowee.
I-I... don't remember
you mentioning any of that
on your profile. Lottie.
Well. you're clearly somebody
who takes romance seriously.
And I date for life.
I am gonna get another drink.
Oh. wait. you...
You know when people tell you
to be wary of dating sites?
Not the love of your life. then.
Don't worry.
I'll set off the fire alarm.
Won't be the first time I've had
to jump in for a fellow soldier.
Thank you. You know what. I think
we should get back onto the case.
-Is there anything you need me to do?
-I'm getting back on the case.
I need to speak with Pierce.
And you're going to be a
gentleman and finish your date.
And. Glenn? No fire alarms.
Fair enough. I tried.
-Thank you for seeing me.
-No.
No. it's me who should be
thanking you for taking the case.
I'm not sure you should be thanking
me yet. we haven't got anywhere.
but if you're right about there
being another tattoo to come...
-The clock is ticking.
-Yeah.
Um...
Er...
Am I in the way?
Do you have any family due?
-Your partner?
-No.
No partner.
Here.
Well. we're hoping to have
a lead on the tattoos.
but I wanted to ask you about
this piece of music that he's using.
It clearly means something.
Whether to the victims...
Or the person tattooing them.
Well. we're trying to find
something that links them. but...
It's difficult
without the Garda files.
And normally I would ask my son.
but I doubt that you want him
knowing that you came to us.
It's probably best.
"Your soul is a choice landscape
in which there roam charming
maskers and bergamaskers.
Playing the lute.
and dancing as if...
"sad beneath
their fantastical disguises."
Paul Verlaine?
Yeah. that's right.
Debussy based his piece
on his poem. Clair de Lune.
The ache of love
in the calm moonlight?
Debussy said. in his music.
"you should be able to glimpse
the moon through the trees".
The landscape being
the soul of his beloved.
That's right.
The piece is either sad
or happy.
depending on how you look at it.
So. murder because of a...
a broken love affair?
Or perhaps some type
of perverted love?
Maybe he was obsessed
with each of them?
So. how long have you been
living in Ireland?
A long time.
Did you move here for work
or love or the glorious weather?
This and that.
What made you want
to become a pathologist?
You know.
You like solving mysteries.
Me too.
And... death is full of them.
Listen. I'm sorry. but...
I should call it a night.
I've got to get
a good start in the morning.
-OK.
-Let me walk you to your car.
No. I can see myself out.
Harry? Yeah. the tattoo guy
just messaged me.
Yeah. I'll see you in ten.
Do we need a plan?
Setanta said
this Apollo guy is really weird.
How weird could he be?
So. er... about these tattoos.
Do not move.
do not speak. do not breathe.
I have to get this just right.
Yeah. It's a masterpiece!
It's like the inside
of a serial killer's head.
My hearing is excellent!
And this?
This will make me
in the region of 200 grand.
We're in the wrong business!
The only reason you're here
is that you mentioned Jess.
Who are you and why are you
asking about her?
She had a tattoo.
and we think it's one of yours.
An expert spoke
with my colleague here
and says he could see
your signature in it.
Clearly it was me.
or I wouldn't have texted you.
Which expert sent you to me?
There's no loyalty
in tattooing any more.
No honour. no integrity.
Can you tell us
why she had this tattoo.
and why that musical bar?
A tattoo is a private choice.
a whispering of the soul.
Why are you asking?
We're consulting with
the state pathologist's office.
-Consulting about what?
-Accidental deaths.
What can you tell us about Jess?
Why would I tell you anything
about her? Who are you. really?
-We told you. we're...
-Right. leave.
-No. Excuse me...
-Liars.
I have no time for liars.
My time is precious
and undervalued.
-Leave.
-OK. OK.
Look. hey. we just want to...
Talk to you.
Well. that went well.
Bitter indeed.
His face softened
when he looked at that tattoo.
I think Jess Boylan
meant something to him.
We're on Jess's side.
This is our business card.
if you want to check us out.
Leave!
We'll leave it on the mat.
just in case
you change your mind.
Right. we're getting nowhere
and we still have no idea
if or when this killer
is gonna strike again.
Don't I know it?!
I'll talk to Jess's husband.
See if he knows Apollo.
Yeah. and I'll speak to Sam.
Bev's ex.
See if Apollo did her tattoo.
You never know.
maybe he was having an off day.
What about Chris's mother?
Well. the only thing
we'll get from that
is her request for a doctor.
I think we'll skip that.
Yeah.
Jess used to help me with the
artwork I had to do for the kids.
Turns out I'm rubbish at it.
Oh. I don't know.
Looks like an abstract. is it?
Like a car or a head or...?
This guy is the man
I wanted to ask about.
Yes. Yeah. I do recognise him.
Why?
Ah. I'll tell you. but first.
where do you know him from?
This is gonna sound
a little weird.
but I think he was stalking
Jess a bit.
What does "a bit" of stalking
look like?
I saw him outside the house
and then at the funeral.
And then again at the grave.
That's only when I spotted him.
I don't know
if there were other times.
He's the one
that did Jess's tattoo.
What does that mean?
I've been thinking about that
since our last chat
and all the questions
you've been asking.
Do you think
something happened to Jess?
Her death was an accident. right?
All the people at the hospital
were really lovely
and it really did seem
like a freak event.
I mean. honestly. I don't know.
But I'm going to find out.
Do I need to go to the police?
Well. it's up to you. but
I'd leave it with us for now.
I'll stay in touch with you.
I told you. I don't know him.
Just noticed you go in
for tattoos yourself.
I got these in the States.
I don't know that guy.
And I had no idea
Bev even had a tattoo.
I told you she was into fitness
and all that craic.
She wouldn't even get a belly
piercing. let alone a tattoo.
I see you have Debussy
on the piano over there.
You happen
to have Claire de Lune?
What the hell's this about?
I looked you up.
You're a private detective.
Why are you questioning me
like I did something to Bev?
Those photos I showed you.
you recognised them.
What photos?
A man and a woman.
Chris O'Neill and Jess Boylan.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Fine. Let's just get
the Guards down here to ask.
You're right.
I am a private investigator.
and I'm pretty sure
Bev was murdered.
And those other people.
By the way. how's your
liquor licence. in date?
Because I just happen to know
the Chief Superintendent.
What? Wait.
OK.
-OK.
-Yes?
I don't know him.
Like. know-know.
OK. Which one?
The photo you showed me
last time. the man.
-Chris?
-Yeah.
I never met him.
but I saw him once.
-When?
-When he and my fiancée
were going into a hotel
together. holding hands.
Chris and Bev
were having an affair?
She said he was a client.
and he was. I think.
but he was giving her
more than casework.
And you didn't confront them?
I've never wanted
to be a member of a club
that doesn't want me.
When she got home that night.
I had her stuff packed.
She was dead to me.
I don't mean dead.
Do you know
why Chris was her client?
No. Bev worked for herself.
She had a secretary.
young guy. Vincent Castle.
I think he's over in London
now. I'll get you his contact details.
Yeah. I'd appreciate it.
Well. it's progress.
To where. I don't know.
At least we have a link
for two of them.
We should find out
why she was representing him.
Could be for anything.
Driving offence. I don't know.
Look. we should find out
what Chris did
before he became
a full-time carer.
You know. in case he sued
his boss or something.
Ooh.
Charlie.
Lola's been nominated
for a student award!
Best Of The Year!
Oh. it's really worked out
for her going to Georgetown.
Hasn't it just.
-You should be proud of her.
-What? Yeah. of course I am.
-We're all proud of her.
-Very much so.
I'm the proudest...
What is it? You're doing
that thing with your face.
That "thinking look" thing.
-Doctor.
-What?
-"Doctor. doctor."
-Are you having a stroke?
-I am just such an idiot.
-What?
That's why he was so able
to take care of her.
Look. I have no idea
what you're on about.
Chris O'Neill's mother. Greta.
all she ever said
was "doctor. doctor".
Yeah.
because she wanted a doctor.
No!
Because she was so proud
of the one she already had.
Already had?
Her son. And Jess died
on the operating table.
Mark. this is Harry Wild.
Would you call me
as soon as you get this?
I need to ask you a little more
about Jess's operation.
How's it going?
I've left a message for the guy
who used to work with Bev.
And I left multiple messages
with Apollo.
the angriest tattoo artist
in the land.
And I made inquiries
into Chris O'Neill.
so we'll find out soon
if you were right.
But it feels like
you're getting somewhere.
Or nowhere. If there really is
another victim out there.
-or there's going to be one...
-Then we need to move faster.
And if we're right
about Chris...
We might have come at this
all wrong.
Apollo.
Hello? Yes.
Yes. we can do that.
Do you know the Hairy Goose?
We can meet you there
in an hour.
Sometimes I have to quiet
the muses.
Their voices. they get so loud.
-I can't imagine.
-Why did you want to meet us?
I asked around about you two.
It seems you're good
at what you do.
despite your absolute inability
to tell the truth.
-We're... sorry?
-You were very fond of Jess.
Fond. In love.
Is there a difference?
Oh. quite a bit.
Women like Jess
don't come along every day.
She had a softness to her.
An innocence. a gentility.
We were twin souls.
Artistic spirits
separated by the universe.
-He didn't deserve her.
-Mark?
I think he was very much
in love with her.
Then why didn't he stop her
from having that
completely pointless operation?
She was perfection.
Love isn't about stopping people
doing what they want.
-It's about allowing them to.
-Nonsense!
If you want to help.
tell us why Jess chose
that particular tattoo.
That's simple. Her mother.
What about her mother?
-Jacqueline Brody.
-I'm lost.
She's a famous piano player.
Oh. he gets it -
this strange. handsome man.
-Who are you?
-I am Pierce.
Doesn't matter.
Claire de Lune was one
of Jacqueline's showcases.
It was Jess's
favourite piece. too.
She had it as a lullaby.
How do you not know this?
Are you sure you do actually
solve these cases?
Mark says that she didn't play.
He didn't say anything
about Jess and her mother being
obsessed with Clair de Lune.
There's no way
he wouldn't know that.
And I checked out Chris.
He worked at
Crocus Health and Beauty.
which is a small hospital that
specialises in plastic surgery.
So. if he was Jess's doctor...
There's no way that Mark
wouldn't know about that.
What's happening?
Why are you so excited?
It's positively disgusting
how happy you all look.
We need to confirm all this.
but. Apollo.
these other tattoos. can you
tell anything by looking at them?
Yes. They're an abomination
to my craft.
These were done by an amateur!
-Thought as much!
-It's time to go to Charlie.
Yep!
No. you just stay.
Stay here.
I have no words. Just none.
It's from Bev Lyons'
former secretary.
He said she represented Chris
O'Neill in a medical liability suit
and she won.
Someone else was named
in the suit.
Wait. hold up.
Who sued? The husband?
He sued the team
that performed the operation.
The doctor. Chris O'Neill.
and the senior nurse
in attendance.
Alison Melvin.
She's to be the fourth victim.
So. the husband. Mark.
has been. what.
killing these people one by one
and making it look
like accidents?
Why is he tattooing them?
Surely he realises that will
link him to every victim.
This is his revenge for Jess.
He doesn't care
if he gets caught.
You need to warn Alison Melvin.
and you need to arrest Mark.
-He hasn't answered my calls.
-I just hope we're on time.
No sign of him.
Hope we haven't
just got a search warrant
-for an innocent man's house.
-I don't think he's innocent.
-Is that a tattoo kit?
-Yep.
And. worryingly.
the gun is missing.
I don't understand.
How could he have vanished?
Maybe because he realised
you two are getting close.
Well. if it wasn't
for the two of us.
you wouldn't even know
two murders had taken place.
Look. no one can get
a hold of Alison Melvin.
She left work
but never arrived home.
Well. you have to find her.
He keeps them a while.
he must do. to tattoo them.
I know that. Mother.
Right...
We have a lead.
Mark is from Mayo originally
and has a holiday place there.
We've alerted the locals
to secure it.
I'll head there right now.
I don't buy it. Bev and Chris
were left in Dublin.
He's hardly killing them in Mayo
and then driving
all the way back.
But what can we do?
It's like looking
for a needle in a haystack.
These are her paintings
on the wall.
Oh. beautiful.
I've got it! Come on.
This Jacqueline Brody.
what do you know about her?
She was a recluse.
-Like a weirdo?
-No. not in a weird way.
She just didn't want to be
in the limelight any more.
So. I assume she lived
somewhere isolated?
Like a little cottage
in the mountains somewhere?
How do you know that?
You're right. she...
She lived in Wicklow.
Where was it?
I drove past one time
and I imagined her
in there playing the piano
and. er...
-She moved to Lough Tay.
-Sorry. how are you working this out?
Jess was a brilliant artist.
She had multiple paintings of
her mother's cottage in the house
and paintings of Lough Tay.
Pierce.
See if you can find it
on Google Maps.
I can certainly give it a try.
Charlie!
He's going the wrong direction.
On it!
Hey. guys. Give me some time
and I'm gonna come with you.
Time is the one thing
we don't have.
But it could be dangerous.
We're used to it. fella.
Pierce is sending me
the details now.
You're awake.
The drug should have lasted
longer.
Sorry about that.
we're a bit short for time
so it looks like I'll have to do
things the other way around.
Kill you first.
and then the tattoo.
I know you.
You're...
Christ! You killed my wife
and you can't even be bothered
to remember my name?
I didn't kill her.
It was an accident. a horrible
tragedy and the court...
The courts? You're all to blame.
You're all complicit.
You have to pay
for what you've done.
Police are on their way.
It's quite common. I believe.
nurses overdosing. especially
when they're filled with remorse
for something
they've done wrong.
Agh!
Oh. God!
I know I'm usually the one
to say we should wait. but...
But if he's in there with her.
-Fergus.
-On it.
There's nowhere to go.
You have to pay
for what you did.
-Come here.
-Don't even think about it.
He's stronger than he looks.
-Hey!
-Agh!
Easy. easy!
He's admitted to everything.
You were right.
He'd no end game.
He just wanted revenge.
Figured he was going
to either kill himself
or end up in prison.
-Absolutely tragic.
-Mm.
That was impressive.
finding those tattoos.
Saved a woman's life.
I'll get another round in.
"That was impressive."
"Saved a woman's life."
Yeah. not us actually
solving the case
or me wrestling a killer
to the ground.
And I didn't even
have to leave my office.
-I have to go.
-Early start?
Yeah.
Thanks. Thank you.
I mean it.
-Kid.
-Doc.
-So. no date tonight?
-Nope.
Given up on it?
No. No. not at all.
No. I've got one set up
for next week.
Very excited.
Yeah. I can't wait.
This one seems sane.
Well. they all seem sane
till you spend
a little time together.
What about you?
You giving up after Harry B?
Life is for living. Fergus.
You know what they say.
Never wait for a bus or a man.
There'll be a new one along
in five minutes.
Wow! Aren't you romantic?
Oh. yeah!